

Once upon a time



In this story and in life, do not fear.
There is no fear in love. But perfect love casts out fear. 1 John 4:18


There was a wizard who wanted to 


Climb mount kilimanjaro and 


kill the kraken lurking in the ocean



Then an army of robot bear scorpions rose out of the ground.


who ate the Passenger Pigeon


He wanted to battle with a Samari 


so he saddled up on his Giant Salamander and headed off to find one.


On his way he met the Beast of Gevaudan



The Wizard was convinced he could take John Cena. 


who demanded that he provide him with a shrubbery.


He was soon set upon by reptoids!


and using what was taught to him by the hairy dwarfs of Atlantis



the wizard managed to shapeshift into a merman, which saved his life.

Then there was mass amounts of confusion when the molerat showed up!


he managed to levitate to safety.


He decided he had earned 18 big macs.


 The wizard decided that he was only going to eat half of the big macs and give the other half to his ninja friend.


His ninja friend was named Big Tony and preferred canolis to Big Macs, but wasn't one to say no to free food.



But then the ninjas showed up 


Then Naruto defeated all the other ninjas


After the cloud killed him. A single rain drop brought him back to life.

as we sat by the gardens and down by the trees, on which sky serpents sat in the gentle, cool breeze. 


Eating a chocolate eclaire and drinking irish coffee.


Luckily, pollution in the cloud killed him.


Then the brave wizard pulled out his wand.


He waved his hand and summoned the lottery ticket he left on his nightstand.



Won the lottery and went to Disneyland. 

And dropped the hottest mixtape of 2015! 

This mixtape was so hot that he caught on fire to put it out



His only choice was to Nae Nae 



The Wizard was furious!


because no one ever taught him how to dougie.


So he had to soulja boi while everyone else dougied



He was unable to escape, the King Cheetah was too fast.

Then Trinity killed Dumbledore with rosebud.


Luckily Chester gave me the magic Cheeto dust!



That's what Linus Torvald taught me 


a long long long long long time ago,


on our trip to Prague, where we


drank lots of...eLiXeR


And lots of beer that Bigfoot gave to us.


That made me feel, I am over the cloud.

And on the last day of that trip, Linus convinced the wizard into using his powers to make a robo-cryptid zoo, then they
frolicked through fields of posies, holding hands and laughing.



Witches are just meant to be magical beings 


had ended up electrocuting the village 


He saw the talking Shamanu


Bigfoot taught him in the ways of the ninja.


and took a selfie with it



And that's why you don't give a wizard a toaster 



Why?



Wizards can't use toasters 


Because toasters ain't loyal!

Which Wizards afraid of.

While singing Renegade by Styx.



Everything seemed to calm down after the calamity.


They like to go bowling with the Chupacabra.



Who doesnt like to go bowling Chupacabra?



Not even a visit from THE CLOUD can heal a wounded unicorn.

As the metaphorical storm grew all the realm huddled together in fear.

Except for one man that is, and his name was JOHHHHHHNNNN CEEEENNNNAAAA



From the Gamehendge tale, a book filled with everything the Lizards needed to know to live their lives in peace & harmony, all of the knowledge inherent in the universe.
Wilson steals it from the Lizards and hides it away in his castle.
Col. Forbin retrives it, with the help of the famous Mockingbird, but then uses it for his own power.


 But we couldn't stay happy like that forever, and soon our dreams to grow old together were dashed on the rocks. 



He was slowly losing touch with reality 


To this day the villagers will not go near this place



But one day, a little villager named Dante dared to do what no one had ever dared before...  Some say what he did was "opossom"-able.


Because death will come..



Didn't have any weapons to slay the dragon. 

Although the hero didn't have weapons, Paarthurnax still helped him slay the dragon.

It had then dawned on him the staggering realization that he had left the stove on!


Driven mad by everyone else's use of two space indentation instead of four space, he summoned Beelzebub.


Beezlebub feinted. Because he actually enjoyed the random spacing and because the stove was on.


Never had I seen that many cooks in one place



Suddenly, two Super Wizards from Planet Vegeta crashed down to Earth! 


Linus Torvald was a mothman.


A ninja killed another ninja.


another ninja came

killed another one as well

And then the world exploded

But another ninja rebuilt it in 42 minutes and it was okay although everyone had a headache.


To Soothe Everyone's HeadAches, Dan Avidan Started Playing Sweet Rifts on his Magic Guitar. 


Then, yet another ninja came along.


This ninja was much more peaceful than the previous ones.



The end. 


